Serialization and HTML subdirectories when bundling (#1356)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/1347_release_notes.md

### Patch Updates

> - Added format-specific directory creation for ontology and documentation files to `bundle.yaml`. Issue [#1347](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1347).

Reviewer: I think I suggested a change to this once already, but now it strikes me it would be better to word the note in terms of what the user will see in the release package rather than what the code change was. E.g., something like "Modified build to store ontology and documentation files in format-specific directories in the release package."

> - Added format-specific directory creation for ontology and documentation files to `bundle.yaml`. Issue [#1347](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1347).

Author: ```suggestion
- Updated the bundling process to split ontology and documentation files into format-specific directories in the release package. Issue [#1347](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1347).
```

### Patch Updates

> - Added serialization specific directory creation to `bundle.yaml`. Issue [#1347](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1347).

Reviewer: You could combine this into a single note:

```suggestion
- Added format-specific directory creation for ontology and documentation files to `bundle.yaml`. Issue [#1347](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1347).
```

> - Updated `bundle.yaml` to create `markdown` and `html` directories. Issue [#1347](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/1347).

Author: ```suggestion
```
